﻿########################################################################
# Processing Settings
########################################################################

enableHash = false
enablePhotoDNA = false
enableHashDBLookup = false
enablePhotoDNALookup = false
enableLedDie = false
enableYahooNSFWDetection = false
ignoreDuplicates = false
exportFileProps = true
processFileSignatures = true
enableFileParsing = true
expandContainers = true
processEmbeddedDisks = false
enableRegexSearch = true
enableAutomaticExportFiles = false
enableLanguageDetect = false
enableNamedEntityRecogniton = false
enableGraphGeneration = true
entropyTest = false
indexFileContents = true
enableAudioTranscription = false
enableCarving = false
enableLedCarving = false
enableKnownMetCarving = false
enableImageThumbs = false
enableImageSimilarity = false
enableFaceRecognition = false
enableSearchHardwareWallets = true
enableVideoThumbs = false
enableDocThumbs = false
enableHTMLReport = false
